if you want cheap microsoft points in
game codes check out gt-r comm links in
the description below the guys is more
than 17 damn bringing you a man of the
match de Maria player review he got this
for his copper America semi final
performance where he scored two goals
and got an assist so yet this team are
built around him he cost me 500 gear on
xbox 92 piece mainly to dribbling 86
shooting 89 passing and of course that
all-important left wing position now
that's literally the reason I got him
and he's extinct on xbox I think I got
the first one literally three minutes
after this card was announced what I'm
gonna do I'll review the
man-of-the-match more gas that has an
ugly vision so I'll just switch out
dybala mask or theme so that'll come
later today or tomorrow hopefully you do
enjoy but anyway let's just get into the
in game stats of handheld the Maria's ed
a raid left wing man of the match
alright so looking at is in gamestats
they are incredible to be honest for any
red player 91 attacking positioning 95
agility 92 acceleration 92 sprint speed
being his main mental and physical ones
Linda's going 97 crossing it's got a 93
dribbling 95 shot power and 83 bodies
and he's also got the speciality
speedster dribbler cross acrobat and the
trades injury-prone which is obviously a
negative but the rest of the staff and
treats etc or fantastic so I'll tell you
how he plays it all right so I really
did enjoy this card particularly a
left-wing I think like I said with messy
with his right-wing version they're
better on the wings because it provides
so much more space flip it's easier to
coincide he's got some of the best
dribbling I have used it is Tim Minear
version just feels like the exact same
dribbling as this card I didn't entire
all the glory with his team in the air
version and it feels very very similar
the only negatives are as weak for and a
shot accuracy after you dribble inside
the box is sometimes a little bit too
so the key perceives it a lot of the
time which is a bit annoying but a lot
of these shot speed rebound to a
divalent most the time he was the
strikeout had in this team so the power
as well of the short and the week he's
got so much strength I don't understand
a literally coupled with the dribbling
it just makes brain seen runs where you
can just literally power in from the
halfway line and have a shot girl
hopefully it goes in he's tall so he's
got a good heading is agility is good
passing was good the skills for saw
skills come out very fluidly and yet
he's just a joint news and especially in
that left wing it opens up so much
possibilities his positioning is on
point I wouldn't recommend using him as
a left need because it'd probably be out
of the game but in a 433 brackets for
which is what I used Amon is very very
deadly and that's what I would recommend
him it and 90 attend recommendation as I
say the only negative sweet bow and
sometimes is sharp accuracy is a bit too
close to the goalkeeper but anyway
hopefully I've enjoyed let me know what
you want to see next and yet peace
you